hey guys welcome to lingo marina a
channel where you learn real english
with an amazing teacher where you learn
cool facts about english language and
cool things
that you can use in your language and
sound more like native speaker
today we're going to learn about
different ways of saying goodbye
because goodbye is really boring goodbye
is something you learn
during your first english class this is
something you've used
thousands of times already but if you
talk to native speakers
you would realize there are actually a
lot of different alternatives
that they use to say goodbye so today
you're going to learn them and
first you're going to understand what
people mean by saying those phrases and
second
you're gonna start using them yourself
before we dig into the topic please hit
the like button for the youtube
algorithm
and subscribe to this channel in order
to not miss my next videos
and now let's learn the alternatives to
the word goodbye
first of all goodbye is something when
said
with a specific intonation like goodbye
can mean that you're not really
respecting the person
and you really want them to leave and
this is why there are so many
alternatives
and alternative number one is actually
again when you don't want to really see
the person again
or when you do not expect to see the
person again
this is like goodbye for years the
word sounds like farewell it comes from
two words
fear means happen well good so
i wish that something good happens to
you but this word is so so
formal you can either see it in english
literature from 18th or 19th century
i haven't really heard a lot of people
use it in real life
because farewell means i'll see you in
10 years or something like that
the word farewell has a bit more
romantic and
archaic meaning to it compared to
goodbye
[Music]
take care is an expression that is used
to say goodbye to someone that you
expect to see
regularly so for example when i talk to
my banker
when i talk to my doctor when i talk to
a colleague in the end of the
conversation they will say take care
which is again a very warm form of
saying goodbye because
you are wishing all the best to that
person you hope that he or she takes
care of herself or himself
and you just say take care that's it
this is the way of saying goodbye
take care it was nice seeing you is an
expression that is used to say goodbye
to a person that you've just
met for the first time so for example
you were in a meeting you
met some new people in order to say
goodbye to them you will say
it was nice seeing you or it was nice
meeting you
this is the way of saying goodbye to a
person you've just met
it was nice meeting you i look forward
to our next meeting
is something that you can use when you
expect the relationship to continue
and this is a formal relationship
normally so for example you finish the
business meeting
and you expect another business meeting
to happen very soon
so you say i look forward to our next
meeting have a nice day
or have a good weekend i think this is
very very american this is something
that i hear
every day in the u.s you know i'm
shopping i'm doing my grocery shopping
and i'm checking out at the cashier and
the lady says have a great day
or have a great weekend and by the way
people start wishing great weekend
even on thursdays even friday is still a
working day
but people are already looking forward
to the weekend and they realize they
wouldn't see you or talk to you on
friday
so they wish you a great weekend on
thursday already and this kind of
creates this happier mood because
the weekend is approaching so the
expression have a good day is very very
common
in all spheres of our lives have a good
day there are some more informal
alternatives to saying goodbye
so when you know when you're gonna see
the person next time you can say
until saturday if you expect to see them
on saturday or until sunday or until
next week
until next time till next time if you
don't want to
abrupt your conversation just like that
oh bye
that's it or farewell or see you on
sunday
and you really want to introduce your
intention of stopping the conversation
leaving
you can say i've got to get going i must
be going
and then explain the reason well i gotta
get going
i read this book by robert cialdini
called influence i think
so basically he says that if you provide
a reason to a person
there is like 80 percent more chance
that they would
appreciate your decision even if this
reason means i have to get going because
i'm late for another meeting just
because you're providing a reason why
you have to get going
people become more understanding so if
you feel uncomfortable about finishing a
meeting
if you feel that the person still wants
to talk to you but we really have to go
you can say i've got to get going you
know i haven't seen my kid since morning
and she misses me
and this is it goodbye i'm off is very
informal
but again it just describes your
intention to leave so for example you're
at a party
everybody's watching a movie and what i
like about american gatherings in
american parties nobody would
really beg you to stay because people
understand you have things to do
and when you say i'm off people like
okay of course you know because i come
from a culture where
if you're at a party and it's like going
on and you say i'd rather get going or i
have to get going
people be like no no no stay we still
have the cake we still have the tea
why are you leaving in america you say
i'm off and people like oh of course
yeah see you
next time so this is very easy and you
can use this phrase to say that you're
leaving
i'm off take it easy is another way to
say goodbye
it's kind of similar to a phrase have a
great day
you can say take it easy but please pay
attention to your intonation and the way
you say it
because if you say hey take it easy this
means that you don't like somebody
acting in the way they act
and you're asking them to stop it so
instead of saying hey take it easy you
just say
take it easy that's it that means
goodbye
take it easy bye bye this is what emily
says
well kinda says she understands bye bye
so she waves her hand
this is a very childish thing this is
something that we all learn
and this is something you can use with
friends bye bye over the baby bye bye
bye bye there are also slang
alternatives that i want you to know
later that's it that means see you later
very short very informal later
catch you later is again something that
you would use only with your friends or
with people you know well
the meaning is very simple it means see
you later
catch you later peace out is a phrase
that
is widely used in hip-hop or street
slang
again intonation is really important
peace out is like take it easy
uh but if you say peace out see ya this
means goodbye
peace out another
slang phrase is i got a jet so if you
know
jet is this private airplane if we try
to explain this
phrase verbatim that means you have a
scheduled flight on a jet of course
probably you don't
i got a chat just means goodbye or i
gotta go
it's my six o'clock i got a jet i got a
roll is another sling phrase and another
sling way of saying goodbye
so roll basically relates to something
with wheels maybe you're skateboarding
away or riding your bike away
but it also means the process of
movement you don't have to necessarily
roll away you're just gonna go away
but you can use this phrase i gotta roll
and this would mean
goodbye see you later i gotta go you
gotta roll mail
thank you guys so much for watching this
video if you want to learn more phrases
and more alternatives to widely use
words and phrases then the link will be
below english.online download my
workbook that has a lot of
graphs and tables that would help you
memorize those alternatives
and also has a lot of resources for
every english language learner
thank you guys so much for watching this
video up to the very end subscribe this
channel
hit the like button and i will see you
very soon bye bye